add tip for Malware pop up (#21787)
docker/docs: content/manuals/desktop/cert-revoke-solution.md

You should now see the Docker Desktop Dashboard.

> [!TIP]
>

> > If the malware pop-up persists after completing these steps, empty `docker.app` from your Trash and rerun the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the malware pop-up persists after completing these steps and Docker is in the Trash, try emptying the Trash and rerunning the steps.
```

You should now see the Docker Desktop Dashboard.

> [!TIP]
>

> > If the malware pop-up persists after completing these steps, empty `docker.app` from your Trash and rerun the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the malware pop-up persists after completing these steps and Docker is in the Trash, try emptying the Trash and rerunning the steps.
```
